gh-59705: Set OS thread name when Thread.name is changed (#127702)
python/cpython: Doc/library/threading.rst

      Multiple threads may be given the same name.  The initial name is set by
      the constructor.

>       It's possible to change the name of a running thread, but the operating
>       system thread name is only updated if the name of the current thread is
>       set. Setting the name of a different thread does not update the operating
>       system thread name.
> 
>       .. versionchanged:: 3.14
>          Set the operating system thread name.
> 

Reviewer: Consider documenting the earlier changd as well, e.g.:
```suggestion

      On some platforms, the thread name is set at the operating system level
      when the thread starts, so that it is visible in task managers.
      This name may be truncated to fit in a system-specific limit (for example,
      15 bytes on Linux or 63 bytes on macOS).
      Changes to *name* are only reflected at the OS level when the currently
      running thread is renamed. (Setting the *name* attribute of a
      different thread only updates the Python Thread object.)

      .. versionchanged:: 3.14
         Set the operating system thread name.

```
